# genre-buddy

The name of this apllication is Genrebuddy. Genrebuddy camea about while we were trying to figure out a way for people to find something to do while they are bored. We orignally went back and forth about what kind of activites to do, idea such as hiking, biking, and other outdoor activites came to mind. We eventually decided to settle on something indoors which lead to us having disagreements about what form of media to do, until we eventually decided to do books, games, and movies.
To do this we used three different third party api's that would help us give our users differnt media options based on what genre they wanted. For books we used Hapi Books which shows users the top books of the past week based off the genre they choose. When looking for something in a particular genere Hapi Books displays The name and cover picture of the book, as well as a link that takes users to goodreads.com where they can read a summary, different reviews about the book. They will also be able to see where they are able to get a copy of the book at. 
For movies we used the IMDB api, this allows users to see the top movies in a specific genre from the past month. It also gives the user a rating of the movie out of ten from the IMDB database as well as the movie poster.  Lastly we used RAWG videogames database api for videogames. This api chooses the top games based off the genre the user picks. It also provides the user with the cover art of the games and also what gaming platforms it is available on.
Using the application is simple. All the user has to do is type a genre of their choosing into the search bar and genrebuddy will display videogames, movies, and books in that genre. It will also save the users last searches so they can view them at a later time if they desire. There was also a problem with the IMDB api that would spit out a random list of movies even if a non supported genre was selected.

While making this project we faced a few challenges, such as making sure the application looks good on all screen sizes, having a good responsive search storage, and problems with the click event, and error modal. For feature development it would be a good idea to look into possibly having the age ratings for the games and movies so that the users are able to accurately chose an age appropiate form of media. There are also a few visual things that could use improvement such as the background images not fitting mobile screens, and the background images zooming in and becoming distorted once a search is done. Another thing that could be addressed in the feature is removing the limit to the amount of searches each api can output before needing a new key. The overall responsive time could be imporved as well.

This project was made with the joint effotrts of Max Taylor, Griffin Honeycutt, Sam Rebilas, Garcendy Deroiser and Austin Small